chore(docs): Add DT page loage trace Id config (#80)
elastic/apm-agent-js-base: docs/distributed-tracing-guide.asciidoc

NOTE: To make sure all components in a distributed trace are included,
the sampling rate of backend agents might be affected by the sampling rate of the RUM agent.

[float]
[[dynamic-html-doc]]
=== Dynamically-generated HTML
To inculde the transactions generated by the back-end agents for the dynamically-generated initial HTML document, 
you should provide the following configuration options while initializing the RUM agent:

[source,js]
----
var apm = initApm({
    ...
    distributedTracingPageLoadTraceId: <trace-id>,
    distributedTracingPageLoadSpanId: <span-id>,
    distributedTracingPageLoadSampled: <is-sampled>
})
----

> Our back-end agents provide APIs to extract these information, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our back-end agents provide APIs to extract this information, 
```

> please refer to https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/agent/index.html[the documentation of the agent] for more detail.

Reviewer: Update link to use cross document links instead of being hardcoded

```suggestion
please refer to {apm-agents-ref}/index.html[the documentation of the agent] for more detail.
```
